Faculty Office Hours: Hello.
Faculty Office Hours: hey Karen hi.
Good good.
Faculty Office Hours: So I am here to answer questions I was gonna show you the material i'm just gonna wait and do that in class.
Karen Fireman: You know what your issue is we love that idea.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, no i'm gonna wait doing class for everybody.
Faculty Office Hours: That way.
Faculty Office Hours: it's the stuff that I didn't get to get to because I, you know, had to get you got you know give you guys 30 minutes to get signed up to graduate, which is an important thing to do, but it's Okay, because the second half of the second week is kinda.
Faculty Office Hours: it's not a full three hours usually anyway, I leave it for I leave it for on purpose to have a half hour to an hour for questions on the first half.
Faculty Office Hours: Because of.
Faculty Office Hours: My wife bought me my dinner.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry, one second we're a.
Faculty Office Hours: dog follow the wife, with the pizza into the to my office sorry but you just got home a few minutes ago, so.
Faculty Office Hours: But yeah I always leave a few minutes for the second week because people always have questions kind of getting started so we'll be good.
Faculty Office Hours: So i'm here for questions.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm here, for whatever you guys want.
Faculty Office Hours: Can y'all hear me.
Faculty Office Hours: Yes, okay just making sure.
Faculty Office Hours: Your I feel.
Karen Fireman: Like i'm happy to see anything you have to say.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah and I catch it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Clay Coleman: i'm pretty much in the same boat, I just wanted to make sure I didn't miss anything or.
Faculty Office Hours: nah I said I will never like on the office hours do.
Faculty Office Hours: Teach something that i'm not going to teach in the class per se, you know.
Faculty Office Hours: Just because that's not fair to you know a lot of people now That being said, you know I might teach something because i'm showing people how to.
Faculty Office Hours: Do the homework and do things, or you know working through problems they might learn something new, but it's not like it's something that I want to do, new or like that so.
Faculty Office Hours: But.
Faculty Office Hours: I was I don't think I have a whole lot right now I was just making sure if I could get their Python working and they're.
Faculty Office Hours: You know.
Faculty Office Hours: whatnot if you don't mind i'm going to turn my camera off just for a second, so I can eat a bite of the speech and you don't have to watch me eat pizza but i'm going to leave my audio on that because i'm really hungry you're okay with that.
Clay Coleman: yeah good.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay sorry thanks I appreciate it.
Karen Fireman: that's why I usually turn mine off to say.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: we're trying to get home and times I get dinner made, and all that and.
Faculty Office Hours: wait a few minutes late getting him traffic and whatnot.
Karen Fireman: I don't know how other people feel and.
Karen Fireman: i'm i'm just throwing this out here as an idea.
But.
Karen Fireman: Whoever has specific questions, of course, but it's felt to me like it was very fast during class and I wondered if it's possible that we might review some of those things just because I felt like you were on like you know 78 nine needed on 33 that you know record.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I like to say I got that reference because old.
Faculty Office Hours: house right does anybody else got the 3545 right.
Karen Fireman: It wasn't even just 45 you were up there.
Faculty Office Hours: At the end, I think yeah i'll try to get through that I mean is there anything specific that you wanted me to.
Karen Fireman: go over i'm i'm behind, so I don't want to mess everybody else up I I just really.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, no.
Karen Fireman: I mean we're here, for we don't have to do that i'll probably have to do that myself, but if you went through things again it wouldn't hurt me but just whatever people want to talk about, but if you don't have anything to talk about like repeat would be great.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, when you say repeat, you know, obviously I went over setting up your environment and all that, I mean is there anything particular like just like creating the content environments and things like that or.
Karen Fireman: i'm just too far behind.
Faculty Office Hours: To answer that i'm sorry I.
Faculty Office Hours: I understand.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah well we'll come back to you carry on like i'll see if I can also submit questions and then we'll we'll we'll we'll walk through that.
Karen Fireman: sounds good.
Faculty Office Hours: Always i'd say that Karen is I actually have a vm open that I was installing the software.
Faculty Office Hours: And so I want to show you I haven't so I can actually walk you through that I was just waiting for the install software to install that's my reason why I said that so so I actually had, I have a via not a vm it's actually a PC at my house here that I was installing visual studio and.
Faculty Office Hours: Many on.
Faculty Office Hours: So I was setting that up so that I can.
Faculty Office Hours: In case somebody said hey can you walk me through like.
Faculty Office Hours: That that part of setting all that up, so it should be all ready to go here in a second.
Faculty Office Hours: So anybody else because, if not i'll i'll go with that vm and then kind of walk through setting up the anaconda stuff because I think mostly kind of what I cover was getting the environment setup and then also the.
Faculty Office Hours: The.
Faculty Office Hours: nom nom pie and pandas is kind of all we covered, and so I can walk through that if that's what you guys.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me see, let me get real quick i'm going to switch over here, let me.
Faculty Office Hours: share my screen.
Faculty Office Hours: And you'll see my screen yet.
Faculty Office Hours: Can y'all see my screen.
Karen Fireman: It says, you are between.
Karen Fireman: Now we see it says office all.
Faculty Office Hours: Right okay cool, let me.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me go over here to this client so.
Faculty Office Hours: All right here.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so let me get over to the.
Faculty Office Hours: get to the slides real quick and then.
Faculty Office Hours: And then we'll.
Faculty Office Hours: Come back over to here.
Faculty Office Hours: alright.
There we go.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so if I come right here.
Faculty Office Hours: Then we get down here the Python is so coming through here, you know just installing environment right and my anaconda are many condo I prefer many condo.
Faculty Office Hours: And so that you know I just click that link and then go to the let me, you know I go through here.
Faculty Office Hours: Go to collections real quick.
So you like it.
Karen Fireman: You like Microsoft edge.
Faculty Office Hours: I just great, especially the new edge.
Faculty Office Hours: So I just get the 64 bit three days many kinda click on it take all the defaults you got many kind of setup right.
Faculty Office Hours: And then so that's just you know I prefer it over anaconda on it kind of just a bunch of extra stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: i'll just skip through these slides because i'll walk through them actually in the end, and then DEMO form right.
Faculty Office Hours: You know some of the packages are walk through i'll walk you through how installing packages and DEMO form and then visual studio code.
Faculty Office Hours: You know I went and just you just go to visual studio code, you can go and download and then get the 64 bit, I get the system installer one.
Faculty Office Hours: Because that'll just allow it to work for anybody who uses the machine, but you know, for most people doesn't matter whether you do the user installer or the system installer and so, then you know which I think you got past this part right, if I remember right Karen.
Karen Fireman: I think I did yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah I think he got this park is, I think we were.
Karen Fireman: I was asking you a question about some ass.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Exactly yeah yeah I remember that, so we got many condo installed, we got visual studio install.
Faculty Office Hours: And so the next thing you know I did like notepad plus plus i'll send you guys these links I didn't get to send them.
Karen Fireman: Actually, can I ask you a dumb question about notepad plus plus.
Karen Fireman: I know that i've all these prior and other notepads that are open, like other other files in notepad.
Karen Fireman: I don't know what I only want four of them again as like 20 of them if I haven't closed them.
Karen Fireman: yeah way to only show a few I can never seem to figure out how that is.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so you can like if you right click on the tab so you can close all but this all to the left or to the right all unchanged closest at one time or you can click the little X so.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that it really then usually there's a little arrow right here, so I just I don't have a lot of fun to see if I can I can open up a bunch of files actually I can I can I can do all this right let's see if I just get a bunch of files so.
Karen Fireman: You answered it you answered it okay cool cool.
Karen Fireman: That was the.
Faculty Office Hours: Right, so that was just minimize this.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's just notepad plus Plus, I think.
Faculty Office Hours: I think I closed out my slide accidentally.
Faculty Office Hours: One second.
Faculty Office Hours: don't know how I did that.
Karen Fireman: Come on.
Karen Fireman: yeah I heard it.
Faculty Office Hours: So you know we're getting our environment setup you know visual studio code.
Faculty Office Hours: And so let's just come over here now, so this is we'll come back to the slides on second right so again, all the software installed really the only thing we need installs right now.
Karen Fireman: Is is.
Faculty Office Hours: Free okay.
Karen Fireman: Yes, thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay yeah I know.
Faculty Office Hours: I know what's going on that's right.
Faculty Office Hours: So um.
Faculty Office Hours: So you know got many kind of visual studio code that's, the only thing we really need to have installed to work right and so.
Faculty Office Hours: My visual studio I installed my mini Condor earlier and I had started to set up in my environment, and I was waiting for visual studio to finish so.
Faculty Office Hours: let's just go to visual studio so if, like we've come right here and we're going to start, and you know you have visual studio code you start it, you know, then I like to write once it starts up I like to right click down here.
Faculty Office Hours: And pin it to my taskbar that way it's always there.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, in visual studio comes up it looks like this right well to use it for Python coding, we need to come right over here to this extension So you see a little like four blocks, with one of them kind of at the top right going over.
Karen Fireman: There were you pointing.
Faculty Office Hours: right here.
Karen Fireman: Over there the four blocks okay.
Faculty Office Hours: Little four blocks yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Sorry for some reason my zoom it's not working.
Karen Fireman: it's OK, so the four blocks you right click that.
Faculty Office Hours: you're not right click should we just click on it left click this left click on it.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, and then that that opens up the extension manager and the only one, you need now is the Python one from Microsoft so.
Faculty Office Hours: You have you just type Python up there, then it'll show you all these ones that Python and the name.
Karen Fireman: Right you wanted the one that had the million people.
Faculty Office Hours: Like a 32,000,030 million.
Karen Fireman: I don't see any numbers does everybody else see numbers.
Faculty Office Hours: right here, see right here.
Karen Fireman: Over there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah see where it says you got the big Python logo, I just wanted to highlight.
Karen Fireman: See right, this is weird I mind just says start, even though I typed Python in the in the in the box up there, that you have it.
Karen Fireman: The logo didn't come up.
Faculty Office Hours: it's not share your screen.
Karen Fireman: To file open folder it doesn't say that.
Faculty Office Hours: You want to share your screen and we can look.
Karen Fireman: Sure i'm sorry said okay guys.
Faculty Office Hours: that's the whole point of the homework help each other.
Karen Fireman: So this was the zoom so you wanted here in a minute, can you see this.
Karen Fireman: This.
Faculty Office Hours: All let me stop sharing don't even make me like a presenter or something.
Karen Fireman: No, no, I can just do it.
Faculty Office Hours: I think.
Karen Fireman: I did it.
Faculty Office Hours: was because I was sure.
Karen Fireman: Oh OK, so this is it, and when I went up here in time to play on I still have all this stuff if it did I do the wrong thing I had.
Faculty Office Hours: To like they're not not here right now right now see right below Python two or Python lady debugging click that.
Faculty Office Hours: Just like.
Faculty Office Hours: Just like that.
Faculty Office Hours: Nice nicely.
Faculty Office Hours: 30 million, so you already have it installed see where it says uninstall.
Faculty Office Hours: That lets me know you already installed it.
Karen Fireman: where's the same install.
Faculty Office Hours: up at the top by the logo, it says.
Karen Fireman: Yes, I see it, yep.
Karen Fireman: Also.
Faculty Office Hours: One thing you notice, you see how it doesn't have an install next to the thing.
Faculty Office Hours: over to the left.
Karen Fireman: Or you type yeah I found here.
Karen Fireman: Did it yeah.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: But did I.
Karen Fireman: Did that one I see the 3.9 you.
Faculty Office Hours: don't know that's.
Faculty Office Hours: Just Those are just that's just a like a help guide so when you clicked on that that's, just like the guy that comes up to give us just the information about the extinction.
Karen Fireman: Can I ask you a question this little hand and I thought that was you see this thing down here what's going.
Faculty Office Hours: On oh that's just the animated gif.
Faculty Office Hours: that's just and I made it.
Karen Fireman: My supposed to do something as a telling me.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no.
Faculty Office Hours: No, what it's telling you there is.
Faculty Office Hours: it's trying to.
Karen Fireman: it's just giving you a visual.
Faculty Office Hours: it's giving you a visual say hey this is how you select your interpreter you go down in the bottom left and then you select that like there, but right now we're going to get a Python file open So if you want to see.
Karen Fireman: Some of you, and I think I have one, you told me to do that.
Faculty Office Hours: And I have yet, but.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so let's just do this let's open a file then make your father along and watch you.
Karen Fireman: Watch and I thought.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh yeah exactly because I.
Faculty Office Hours: Remember talking to you on the phone now the phone, but in class.
Faculty Office Hours: A class.
Karen Fireman: So.
Faculty Office Hours: Do I just any one of those.
Faculty Office Hours: Any one of those already.
Karen Fireman: So it's.
Faculty Office Hours: So now right there at the bottom left for you seen the bottom left now, it says Python three.
Faculty Office Hours: Six says.
Faculty Office Hours: yep so before we do anything see right here on the right over here.
Karen Fireman: This.
Faculty Office Hours: hit close that little X just close out the X and the right there.
Karen Fireman: Is thing here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so now we're just going the bottom left so we're not little visual of the little hand.
Karen Fireman: yeah she's doing it.
Faculty Office Hours: click that.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh click on that.
Karen Fireman: So now, the top there.
Faculty Office Hours: You see what that drops down, you see, where it says.
Karen Fireman: which struck down this thing.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that there i'm trying to see is the so she hot, so what it is, you have so many environments installed if you kind of hover over it, I see what's going on, see the little bar that shows up to the right kind of Gray.
Faculty Office Hours: And the right here.
Faculty Office Hours: right here let's go to now go to your right, a little more see the little little Gray.
Karen Fireman: yeah this.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah scroll that down.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, if you scroll down one of those should be the.
Karen Fireman: reason for three six.
Faculty Office Hours: Now i'm looking for like you did you now, are you able to go through the and set up an environment like through the mini kinda.
Karen Fireman: or I don't think my mini condos set up right, I think I started it, but I didn't get to finish it.
Faculty Office Hours: looks like a clip that.
Karen Fireman: I chose mini condom because I thought well i'll leave.
Karen Fireman: i'll leave anaconda for Dr Jones and i'll do mini condom for.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I guess I shouldn't make sure that you really didn't have to install both.
Karen Fireman: Well anaconda already with his we did it last.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Karen Fireman: i'm associated to a mini kinda, you said you liked it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I do, but many kind of just a small scaled down version of anaconda you.
Karen Fireman: Like to do a lot of environments i'll be glad they're small.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, no, no, no it's it's the environments to let me step back to the environments themselves will be the same size what it is, is anaconda has a.
Faculty Office Hours: lot more other software that comes with it right so many content is just Python the Python executable and the condo environment management so that little manager that allows you to install packages, you know allows you to set up the environments.
Faculty Office Hours: that's just stuff like that yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So what what anaconda is it's those two things like Python and the content management studio anaconda has that but also has a bunch of other stuff like that.
Faculty Office Hours: like this, they have this like they have this like gooey front end thing that allows you to see all the other software I forget all the other things that tries to install but it's.
Karen Fireman: Well, I mean we already have from before the one that we were using with Dr Jones like.
Faculty Office Hours: This yeah let me.
Karen Fireman: over here I mean i'm doing spider.
Faculty Office Hours: And yeah correct.
Karen Fireman: For his stuff.
Karen Fireman: Yes, the cod I didn't really make a new one yet for you.
Faculty Office Hours: And i'm trying so yeah so you want to create a new environment, so if you go back to your folder there's a text father, and if you download the week one.
Karen Fireman: Your folder.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah my folder read downloaded there should be a text file in there.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, we want to do is set up.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go and look and he.
Karen Fireman: says set up on this one yeah.
Karen Fireman: yeah open that I did all that, so you did these.
Karen Fireman: I definitely did them okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Karen Fireman: They not show up.
Faculty Office Hours: I bet it show which we which.
Karen Fireman: Was the name I, at one point I remember having done it all but.
Karen Fireman: Then, for some reason, when I wanted to find the name that you were.
Karen Fireman: yeah it was saying condo next to it, rather than.
Karen Fireman: In prayer rather than.
Karen Fireman: Later, it sounds like a suit up.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah but go back to visual studio code listen, we can figure it out.
Karen Fireman: i'm sorry over here.
Faculty Office Hours: visual studio code, let me, let me get out of this.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay you're fine.
Karen Fireman: You want this gone right.
Faculty Office Hours: Now, even though yeah yeah you just.
Faculty Office Hours: go up there.
Faculty Office Hours: So i'm wondering.
Karen Fireman: If I.
Faculty Office Hours: Should I started off no.
Faculty Office Hours: let's see right here there it is there is actually an artist looks see the blue one that's highlighted see versus 361 12 look at the look at your actual folder path see the box 689 spring 21 in there that's the one you want, and then, if you see the.
Karen Fireman: Doing my thing that folder path of top I don't.
Faculty Office Hours: See the blue that's highlighted in blue.
Faculty Office Hours: This says Python three 612 64 bit.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: You look underneath that see where it says till the anaconda three Ian vs and it says bought 689 spring 2021.
Karen Fireman: i'm sorry that's the part I don't see I see the blue I see something.
Faculty Office Hours: So inside the down.
Karen Fireman: Low.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, in the blue itself.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh.
Faculty Office Hours: two lines of code yeah sorry I.
Karen Fireman: See em eyes boy spring.
Faculty Office Hours: Python so that that's the that's the one you want, if you notice underneath that you see the one that says.
Faculty Office Hours: delete delete me.
Faculty Office Hours: that's the other, you must have did the command.
Karen Fireman: to delete me like you said.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't that's right below that see the So if you look there see where it says oh.
Karen Fireman: I do, oh I didn't see I was looking to delete me.
Karen Fireman: Okay, yes, I see okay.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I think it's I think what it is, is the version of anaconda you have in Python in in visual studio code it's not showing you the name to the right of the of the.
Faculty Office Hours: Here, to the right here is the base, this is the BAT yes well that's.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Karen Fireman: I wants to show right.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so now, if you do that.
Faculty Office Hours: It should run.
Karen Fireman: do this again.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, you can, if you just click on the extension, you can, if you go to the left for the stitches just click that you can get rid of that you don't need it anymore you don't.
Karen Fireman: need it anymore, for I don't even know how to get it back.
Karen Fireman: So.
Faculty Office Hours: You just know you don't need that So if you click on the extension again and click on it once that not the way I want it back yeah kick on again and i'll come back so now, you should have like a like now, if you right click.
Karen Fireman: Right click we're here.
Faculty Office Hours: anywhere anywhere and see where it says run current file and interactive window.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: click that.
Faculty Office Hours: This will take a second and say allow access.
Faculty Office Hours: just see where it says a little thing that popped up click allow access.
Karen Fireman: And this oh here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah right there sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: I forget i'm so see it ran see how your code ran and your active window it worked.
Karen Fireman: In the right place, you wanted to hear.
Faculty Office Hours: That one right there, so now, the other file all your stuff will work now.
Karen Fireman: Say open another file.
Faculty Office Hours: So, like if you open like say.
Karen Fireman: iris vacation.
Faculty Office Hours: Where do you want Alice let's do like pandas know pie.
Karen Fireman: Is it on here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's gonna be up it kind of the middle right in the middle.
Karen Fireman: One more down we're down.
Faculty Office Hours: right there up up just right i'm sure I.
Faculty Office Hours: mean the end is no i'm sorry i'm looking for the left now you're fine.
Faculty Office Hours: So here's another thing, so what you can do like a few like select not not lines so let's do one thing first so on the right here and that interactive window.
Karen Fireman: This thing over here.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so like you can so in the top there's a little toolbar up there right, where it says random number one.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah so so at the X does if you click the X right there that's just.
Faculty Office Hours: amazing.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that's just.
Faculty Office Hours: me already ran yeah you'd like it.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's the three years.
Faculty Office Hours: or so yeah clears it the little like recycle on those you like undo like it, so if you over their credit themselves and typing stuff you can do that, but.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't really do it that way, I usually write this stuff in the Python follow there and run it and just let it run and that interactive window right and so.
Faculty Office Hours: Also, the other ones are like if you have the one right to that that will stop this the the kernel and restart it so like if you had some.
Faculty Office Hours: kind of weird error.
Karen Fireman: or yep yep.
Faculty Office Hours: So you need to restart it that'll restart their direct Colonel that'll just stop it.
Faculty Office Hours: Like so get some long running processing or stop.
Karen Fireman: Stop good it happens all the time, I agree.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so those the one to the right of that one one more over that's that.
Karen Fireman: You go to I like I remember you said, the spreadsheet yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah so that just shows your very you know not showed you that's showing you had this database that's the type and as a variable.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, if you go over to your left side, where you have the non pie stuff and let's just select lines nine through 14 and if you right click on that right, and so actually go to run, we see something go to the top do me a favor let's just go to the run menu at the top.
Karen Fireman: See if there's anything in there.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's not.
Karen Fireman: used to be able to use F nine and some of them to run a selection.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah but that's different.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah if you see this race go back to the thing and just so if you just go back over here and right click.
Faculty Office Hours: And just say run and current file interactive window.
Faculty Office Hours: up a little up right there nope nope you pass it up one to two more now my blog.
Karen Fireman: There you go sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah no worries.
Faculty Office Hours: So see right there on the right, it says, do you want to open a new interactive window, so you can say yes and i'll open up a new one for this fall, or you can say no.
Faculty Office Hours: It should run it you say no, it should run it in the one you already have open.
Karen Fireman: yeah well I just use the one i've gone yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So that it just it's just prompting you because some people don't some people, they want to have both those open so that like like like compare like they might have two versions of the script.
Faculty Office Hours: And they want to run them, so this is the one thing I have to fix and show people in class is what should happen is there should be an option that when you highlight that.
Faculty Office Hours: It should give you an option to say run current selection and.
Karen Fireman: I was this stuff coming up.
Faculty Office Hours: Is because it ran though so that that's i'm talking about right now.
Faculty Office Hours: Even though.
Karen Fireman: You didn't just run it again.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah and that's what I that's what I was just talking about part of the problem that I have is Microsoft changed the defaults up.
Karen Fireman: Really mommy.
Faculty Office Hours: sometime in the last couple months because it used to be, when you first ran a Python pop first time in visual studio code and all that it would say hey would you like to run this an interactive window and when.
Karen Fireman: I remember you had a lot of trouble and felt mad at them for changing it.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I go yeah like.
Karen Fireman: yeah like I you checked and then it wasn't right, I know.
Faculty Office Hours: I literally checked all this code or the holiday and it's changed some time over December how functionality so.
Karen Fireman: Will you want a question, will you teach us how to do the debugging because I.
Faculty Office Hours: Know that's not so this class isn't so much about, in fact, to be honest with you, I don't really debug Python The reason is is pythons and interpretive language is not so much a.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't have to compile and so really when you're debugging is more around languages react to compile at emc and then you run it and then you.
Karen Fireman: know I learned on those.
Faculty Office Hours: I learned all that we.
Faculty Office Hours: Have so.
Karen Fireman: So with Heidi through and all that and separate points and.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so when Python Python being more interpret language you kind of run it and it breaks and fails at the lineup breaks out, and you go and look at it, you know so really there's not I don't do a lot of debugging and Python per se like true debugging were.
Faculty Office Hours: On setting breakpoints and having to do all that I have you know you can do it, I mean you can set breakpoints and do all that, but I just don't have.
Faculty Office Hours: With being how Python works and being interactive it is usually just you like Thomas to print statements and and debug that way it's usually it's a lot easier.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: let's put on debugging.
Karen Fireman: The button and your home yeah no worries.
Faculty Office Hours: debugging is usually more helpful when you get into like languages that compile because they compile and you run them and you're like hey I want to know where.
Karen Fireman: i'm where i'm with you i'm a data dump the you know the stack all these things.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Faculty Office Hours: So you should be good to go now, you know how to.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So turn on your stuff The other thing I will I will fix what I will, the first thing i'm going to do in class next Tuesday is i'm going to show people how to fix it.
Faculty Office Hours: Like i'm going to find the fix I already found it i'm pretty certain because I looked at my old environment from last year, because I haven't updated my.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, because what I installed on Tuesday was a brand new install I wanted to show you guys and gals how to set up your whole thing from start to finish.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's why I kind of ran into a couple things because it was like they changed it between the last time I did that, which was a month or so ago.
Karen Fireman: I stop you for a second Jamie.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Karen Fireman: If I close this right now and then I started again, which I pinned it like you did.
Faculty Office Hours: And then three how much you guys have another one opened up.
Karen Fireman: What.
Faculty Office Hours: You have you have a few other ones already opened.
Karen Fireman: OK, so now they're all closed OK, so now I go, I want to get the openness.
Karen Fireman: And I want to do a new a new file.
Karen Fireman: Now um I just do file open.
Faculty Office Hours: And I boy you say file new.
Faculty Office Hours: Are you gonna say find a new.
Karen Fireman: already had.
Faculty Office Hours: A new one.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Karen Fireman: So if I picked whatever this one was the pandas one.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm good to go what happened.
yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So what happened was.
Faculty Office Hours: Is your you're here what happened well so that what happened, so I guess it was about to say is usually will open up which had opened up last.
Faculty Office Hours: But the thing or whatever reason why you didn't see what you had opened up for us because you close that one, but you had a couple already opened down below.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, when you right click and say close all whatever the last one that closed is what it opened back up with.
Faculty Office Hours: So, so one thing you want to check because, unfortunately, with your version of anaconda it's not showing you the name, what I would suggest, for you carried every time it's good on that bottom left and click that.
Faculty Office Hours: And just make sure that.
Faculty Office Hours: The Bot, though it's the right one, the body, the body 689.
Faculty Office Hours: See it's blue.
Faculty Office Hours: So what I would do is.
Faculty Office Hours: I would just click that every time like just every time he's lunch real struggle, the first time, going on there click the left and click that because that That way, you know.
Karen Fireman: And I should always.
Karen Fireman: Have a question this didn't say condo before condo I thought was that.
Faculty Office Hours: No it's fine it that's that's Okay, I think that's just it's that's it's, for whatever reason, the anaconda three version that you have that you install this and it's not showing the name.
Faculty Office Hours: is probably the version of condo anaconda three that they install for y'all.
Karen Fireman: So justin where's the over here that it's going to show up and i'd be lost it.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, so you got to right so it's because that only shows.
Faculty Office Hours: up when you run it so right click run current falling interactive window.
Faculty Office Hours: So that shows up.
Faculty Office Hours: After you run for that so when you close this all up.
Faculty Office Hours: And you open it back up interactive windows not going to be there because it's going to have closed out the it's going to close out that Jupiter terminal right.
Faculty Office Hours: So that it starts.
Faculty Office Hours: So I will get it i'll show everybody on Tuesday first thing I want to fix the first thing we show people in class is how to.
Faculty Office Hours: To get it so that it runs.
Faculty Office Hours: in a different way.
Karen Fireman: So that you useful this stuff useful.
Faculty Office Hours: Well that's just showing you so not sure explore right So if you go to the top left see how that little two little folders you click that.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh good, it was the way.
Faculty Office Hours: You click that.
Faculty Office Hours: that'll that's just.
Karen Fireman: Again it's a toggle it opens.
Faculty Office Hours: Naturally it's.
Faculty Office Hours: Usually, so what I usually do is this, so this is what I would do like if you're playing with the week one surf stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah close close out your two files up there close off that interactive window.
Karen Fireman: This is a close, no.
Faculty Office Hours: No, not that just a little at sources interactive number.
Karen Fireman: Well, this guy this guy.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no one.
Karen Fireman: X above this guy.
Faculty Office Hours: right that works let's close an active window.
Faculty Office Hours: let's go ahead and close these two files click the little excess next the file names.
Faculty Office Hours: and close out X.
Faculty Office Hours: So go to file.
Faculty Office Hours: and go to open folder.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, if you go to, so this is probably what you thought were your week one is data Jamie J, you have a week one.
Karen Fireman: Week one here's my week one.
Faculty Office Hours: So Double Click on week one folder and then they'll hit select folder now.
Faculty Office Hours: And then make your window a little bigger for years i'll help you out a little.
Faculty Office Hours: So now you want your little explorer thing open on the left, because now, if you just click those files.
Faculty Office Hours: up now, when you go to the right click the only extensions click the files and when you click those those are going to open up in your terminal yeah I make that a little bit there you go so let's say.
Karen Fireman: We did the band is one.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, you can right click in there and do run an interactive window.
Faculty Office Hours: And it opens up.
Karen Fireman: Oh, thank you i'm sorry everybody, thank you, that was very kind of you.
Karen Fireman: Thank you so much.
Karen Fireman: Do I have to redo my environment or is that okay.
Faculty Office Hours: Now you're okay you're Okay, all you did Karen was you already had in the content and I need to remember, next time, when I teach this class to just mentioned the people that if you already like three like mentioned it like.
Faculty Office Hours: I mentioned, people say hey most pretty much all have anaconda already you don't really need to install many kinda.
Faculty Office Hours: You can just use your anaconda three that came with your laptop and then you just use the script I gave you to create that environment, which is what you did when you went.
Faculty Office Hours: You actually looking at what you did you didn't actually use the mini you install many kinda but you didn't actually install your environment and many kinda you installed your environment and the existing anaconda which is fine.
Karen Fireman: Oh.
Faculty Office Hours: You don't need you don't need that many kinda all many all many content is is a subset of anaconda and the subset is just the content management thing to manage packages.
Faculty Office Hours: And to manage environments in Python.
rosanna contest is.
Faculty Office Hours: Good.
Karen Fireman: Yes, fantastic, thank you for.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, that's what we're here for everybody else, thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: Thank you, that.
Karen Fireman: We get your screen back to you sorry.
Karen Fireman: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I got Brian play chillin Jose Raphael anybody have any anything they want to ask.
Karen Fireman: Again, thank you so much.
For work.
Jim Clark: Sure, it was a gym but one of the things I encountered.
Jim Clark: When I was setting up my environment, I was fine, but some of the new feature texture tensorflow and it will say that I couldn't do it.
Jim Clark: But, but I am running something that's different than what we've been talking about I ran into problems with the city for a bit over the Christmas holiday, so I just installed 32.
Jim Clark: And i'm wondering if I created kind of a problem by doing that so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you might have had yeah.
Jim Clark: So, so I think what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna go ahead and resolve i'll be solved everything within me on that for a minute and go through that process yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you might.
Jim Clark: hold that separate for what what i'm doing.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: Or you could I mean if you want to share a screen, we can see if we can fix it but i'm not sure.
Faculty Office Hours: Why would I broke.
Jim Clark: well.
Jim Clark: i'm not sure why pro either, but let me, let me take.
Jim Clark: This it's only 20 minutes left in this time to like Let me take a minute, so you can see it.
Faculty Office Hours: And like I said we don't you know if we don't if we run out, I don't have to go anywhere, so if we go over a little bit that's fine.
Faculty Office Hours: And also, if anybody else know still needs help, even after tonight just let me know.
Faculty Office Hours: Which way now in class, it will figure out a time to meet and help you.
Faculty Office Hours: don't mind.
Faculty Office Hours: While you're pulling it up, Jim i'll just ask anybody else have any like just questions in general Raphael has a play Brian.
Jose Adan Prego: i'm just sort of like technical question i'm i'm i'm working my way through the assignment and call him just my jumping my head myself ahead of things up i'm having issues, creating the pickle file right on i'm going, I noticed that the template or the csv file the one quality read.
Jose Adan Prego: it's it's set up in the format of the the source file is some it's in a way right or it's in that.
Faculty Office Hours: Specific form semi colon.
Jose Adan Prego: Yet semi colon right, so my template or the data that I want to input, the the need to have to be in that same format as well.
Faculty Office Hours: know if it's common dilemma just change that semi colon to a comma.
Jose Adan Prego: Oh gotcha gotcha okay.
Right.
Jose Adan Prego: Okay, but if I have it as well structuring in columns it's like.
Jose Adan Prego: Like a writer, you know csv well it's just.
Jose Adan Prego: not know.
Faculty Office Hours: What so also what you can do is you can you can switch over and use Panda data frames.
Faculty Office Hours: Right so so and then you can just sort of using numb pie and then split in your ex and lobbies and non pie.
Faculty Office Hours: If you use Panda data frames and like say if it's a csv file just do pandas read csv read your csv and and then you can split your X and y is using the I look are using the names to split your ex allies up and then run your data that way.
Faculty Office Hours: Back sense.
Jose Adan Prego: Yes, it does it does.
Faculty Office Hours: not cover that.
Faculty Office Hours: You haven't got to that part right i'm gonna i'm gonna cover all that to the next Tuesday for certain.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, and it should show you show by that so you're just ahead of the game.
Jose Adan Prego: yeah all right.
Jose Adan Prego: sense yep yeah I did thank Thank you so much.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries.
Faculty Office Hours: When i'm here for.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, Jim I don't see your screen if you're sharing.
Faculty Office Hours: you're still getting it still working on sharing.
Jim Clark: bad news.
Karen Fireman: it's a little hard to hear you.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah thanks Karen I should say that.
Jim Clark: Oh, so do I, and must speak loud enough or.
Faculty Office Hours: I can hear you now now just drinking water.
Karen Fireman: Kim your enunciation work on that too it's good.
Jim Clark: I will.
Jim Clark: Let me just go to.
So.
Jim Clark: So.
Jim Clark: This is a.
Jim Clark: man to establish.
Faculty Office Hours: to conduct space.
Faculty Office Hours: NV ECHO Nancy Victor space list.
Jim Clark: cell phone and.
Jim Clark: say.
Faculty Office Hours: Well, I don't install you know she don't wanna do content install tensorflow here right now you're in the base environment Member we don't want to touch base so what you want to do is do you have the week one folder download.
Faculty Office Hours: If you look in the week one folder there's a file on there.
Faculty Office Hours: that's a text file.
Karen Fireman: Set up condom.
Jim Clark: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I forget the name of the file because i'm I don't want to.
Karen Fireman: know.
Like.
Faculty Office Hours: How, you were sharing just a command prompt.
Faculty Office Hours: that's why we couldn't see what you were doing.
Faculty Office Hours: copy line one up there.
Faculty Office Hours: Then control C.
Faculty Office Hours: And then go into your command prompt.
Jim Clark: Right, so I.
Jim Clark: saw say 15 within probably base and probably not.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, so you're right now so you're in base but right now we're at set up this environment so do me a favor stop sharing and you share screen, so we can see.
Faculty Office Hours: Everything right now we're just seeing your your notepad plus plus so when you do share, there should be one that says like screen number one or something or screen.
Faculty Office Hours: There we go.
Faculty Office Hours: I see why you're doing what you're doing.
Jim Clark: So, Jim don't worry about it.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't need to actually see the text so now what you'll do is copy Line two and the text file and let's activate that new environment.
Faculty Office Hours: So there you go and hit enter so now let's see now on the left, your prop went from saying base to bought 689 right.
Faculty Office Hours: So now copy the next line content install pilot.
Faculty Office Hours: you're just getting it the one.
Faculty Office Hours: You gotta do this time.
Karen Fireman: You can use.
Karen Fireman: You can use that up arrow to go back to a previous command.
Faculty Office Hours: When.
Faculty Office Hours: All that's going on, you can copy the next line.
Faculty Office Hours: To not go to the notepad and copy the next one.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, you already did our comics I see that.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
So yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So hit enter there.
Faculty Office Hours: Somebody asks you one thing if you notice gym.
Faculty Office Hours: Or do you accidentally deleted some.
Faculty Office Hours: Information on your father see the wise.
Faculty Office Hours: You might want to hit control Z a couple times to get your file back on the right and the notepad.
Faculty Office Hours: Over that notepad and hit control Z a couple times.
Faculty Office Hours: There you go.
Faculty Office Hours: Now hit control C.
Faculty Office Hours: And then grab that one.
Faculty Office Hours: And if you're if you're just right click well the next lecture that's done right wait this hold on let's done if you just right click it'll drop it in.
Faculty Office Hours: So now we can go.
Faculty Office Hours: there's no book that we're on right now.
Faculty Office Hours: To give me an error.
Faculty Office Hours: One second no it didn't work.
Faculty Office Hours: at all.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, you know what the problem is Jim I bet your version of content, needs to be updated.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Jim Clark: So.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me see something.
Faculty Office Hours: That finished okay Eric command air it out with the status see.
Faculty Office Hours: let's go back so let's scroll back up to the 10th floor back and we'll see what what error message we got.
Faculty Office Hours: Keep one all it up, they might poke we got enough buffer.
Faculty Office Hours: actually just go ahead and run condit actually use the up arrow key twice.
Faculty Office Hours: And let's see if we can just get to the go ahead and.
Faculty Office Hours: Just hit enter for a second.
Faculty Office Hours: go up one more one more just hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so current channel yeah I see right that's your problem for some you're right so it's yeah it's I think window.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm wondering like you said if you're running a 30 did you get to 32 bit version.
Jim Clark: Is that what you got you suddenly I.
Jim Clark: Over the holiday giants bone 32 bit any content without having problems.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I have a feeling that's the problem I can almost guarantee I think you're absolutely right.
Faculty Office Hours: that's your issue.
Faculty Office Hours: Because I don't think I don't think anaconda I tensorflow I don't know if it runs on 32 bit.
Jim Clark: Without being in the back of every class, I will go ahead and just installed me on it and.
Jim Clark: yeah so you can.
Jim Clark: follow that recipe.
Jim Clark: So that I got it set for.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so what you can do is what you might want to do is D install the 32 bit first.
Jim Clark: and
Jim Clark: So a funny thing that I felt ready, and this is this, you know that I, I take the install the physical bit, and it would never fully uninstalling with all those really file out there, even when you went through the $500.
Jim Clark: And so, then when you fire fighter over install you gave.
Jim Clark: me two copies of 64 bit anaconda, and so I was running into problems with continuity locked out of the biggest thing I raised a lot of frozen screens and so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so.
Jim Clark: This, this is a speaking on office hours, I know yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: What I would suggest is I mean what are you in DR challenges class bringing the other one.
Jim Clark: Yes, right.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so I don't want to do is break your stuff for Dr Jones too so um.
Faculty Office Hours: I will, I will be at Dr jones's tomorrow but.
Faculty Office Hours: In a class and i'll probably get there around five.
Faculty Office Hours: If you I don't know if you probably won't be there in person, but if you want, we can connect.
Faculty Office Hours: We can connect at five tomorrow and and then and share your screen and I could probably remotely fix it for you, if you want to just.
Faculty Office Hours: Try it that way or.
Faculty Office Hours: You want to try this right.
Jim Clark: Around.
Jim Clark: yeah.
Jim Clark: tomorrow.
Faculty Office Hours: And just.
Faculty Office Hours: text me or text me text me tomorrow around lunchtime, and remind me just because I have a bunch of y'all and I won't forget and i'll remember at five o'clock to help you and then.
Faculty Office Hours: or even I mean what's your schedule like during the day I mean I might have some time during the day as well.
Jim Clark: Is.
Jim Clark: That a couple of.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah just Ping me just Ping me in the you know, in the when the in the morning and just kind of let me know what your schedule is like.
Faculty Office Hours: Because we can try that we don't we don't we don't have to wait till five, to be honest with just, just in case I get stuck in traffic driving down there are some know.
Jim Clark: I i'll see you sometime.
Jim Clark: in the morning and we'll see if there's 30 minutes.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah exactly it'll take me that long to get you fixed up.
Faculty Office Hours: And this is kind of like a remote.
Faculty Office Hours: troubleshooting problem, thank you.
Jim Clark: Thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries all right anybody else.
Karen Fireman: Have so Jamie, can I ask you a question back just for visual studio up.
Karen Fireman: So if I just wanted to run a couple lines and I get that that's a little bit of what you were bothered by.
Karen Fireman: And I heard to the bottom below where it did run say we ran the file using the run command and then I thought, somewhere, there ought to be place, I can click and execute a line, but I don't see.
Faculty Office Hours: It you.
Karen Fireman: can do it.
Faculty Office Hours: it's it's shift enter, but the problem is it's going to execute it in that console it's not going to exit and that interactive window and that's the that's the thing I want to fix.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me see if I can.
Karen Fireman: If I highlighted it I did.
Faculty Office Hours: Do this Karen let's do this, let me get my PC over here up, let me do something really quick.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me.
Karen Fireman: there's gonna be something below where I did print out in the in the interactive there was a little place there, which is very tiny and I couldn't make it bigger.
Faculty Office Hours: And I thought I got that was telling you like the store like pilots or.
Faculty Office Hours: extension or oh.
Karen Fireman: And I also wonder if you can tell us about what's cool about this, because I know you love it.
Faculty Office Hours: Well what's not what I like about it is because it runs in that um.
Faculty Office Hours: Because it runs in that window once once I get the run line by line interactive it'll it'll it'll.
Faculty Office Hours: It will.
Faculty Office Hours: Once I get this work and you're able to highlight a few lines run it and i'll run it and that are active window just those lines you highlighted right.
Faculty Office Hours: And then you run again i'd rather just so lines that you actually run and then what's cool is you can like.
Faculty Office Hours: Like you can run a few things like okay that wasn't right, you can then hit that clear button or hit the refresh and restart your active window and then fix your code and run it again and it's really just kind of Nice in their posture that are active window you get the you get the.
Faculty Office Hours: You get the the little the little spreadsheet thing, so you can see your variables.
Faculty Office Hours: Right data viewer you get all that built in so that's what's Nice, whereas if you don't you're just writing it in a console you just get the output right.
Faculty Office Hours: Right so.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So let me see if I can.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me see if I can fix the.
Faculty Office Hours: interactivity.
Karen Fireman: Are you sharing your screen.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, no, no.
Faculty Office Hours: don't ignore me for a second.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm.
Karen Fireman: tells me to ignore them that's interesting.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah, no, no, no, ignore ignore that I ignore it ignore me but ignore that you ignore the fact that i'm you.
Faculty Office Hours: That I am expected that you should see something i'm on my iPhone my iPad is where i'm on zoom and so when you saw me going to my windows machine on my iPad that's just that's that's just.
Faculty Office Hours: that's just actually.
Faculty Office Hours: wrote desktop into my.
Faculty Office Hours: machine that's in my office here are in markets in my it's actually in my living room underneath by db connected to my 65 inch TV 4k TV have this little Dell mini PC that's in there, that I use because it has some software on there, I also want for my.
Faculty Office Hours: rbi so give me one second.
Faculty Office Hours: My machine is decided to go really slow on me for a second all right perfect good, so let me give me one minute i'm gonna.
Faculty Office Hours: I think I can make this work really quick.
Faculty Office Hours: While i'm already working on this Jose Monica clay you got you guys have anything.
Monica A. Harwig: I do, but I came on kind of late so.
doors.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay, so that I was installing every you know you're going through your video again and installing everything and I had no problem, except for got a question okay so on the.
Monica A. Harwig: On your install notes on the notebook or whatever, and everything in it didn't have an issue, but then I didn't I wasn't sure about the last two lines.
Monica A. Harwig: So I didn't install them to conduct a end export.
Monica A. Harwig: And then you have oh yeah yeah username and you know.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah and I didn't.
Monica A. Harwig: I guess yeah sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah no no jack you're asking so those last two lines that's like once you send that text file once you set up an environment, all I did in the bottom of those last two lines.
Faculty Office Hours: The second to last one with the export line that's how I can take that whole environment you just set up an export it to what's called a gamble file.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, once it's export it to that mo file, I can take that other line to use that to set up a new environment like a new name but with all those exact same package versions and setups.
Faculty Office Hours: And so the point of that is just to give you the code to show you hey so a lot of times what we what we do is is.
Faculty Office Hours: Some senior person might set up the Python environment in kannada that we're all going to use for our project.
Faculty Office Hours: So that we're all using the exact same versions of tension flows X whatever packages, we need right now we're all using the exact same versions, that same version of Python.
Faculty Office Hours: Once we have that setup we can run that second the last line that export line to export to gamble file and then we need to send that email for everybody, say hey.
Faculty Office Hours: use that bottom command with this GMO file to set up your environment, so, if you look.
Faculty Office Hours: If you run that second to last command, and so I just have like a bracket that says put your name there that's just saying hey replace that with like your name it whatever you want, you know that's just.
Faculty Office Hours: Something I put there, but basically if you go look at your homework what you want to do is is set up an environment.
Faculty Office Hours: And then the last thing what what's that environment setup the few to set up a new environment, but a few packages in there there's a couple.
Faculty Office Hours: And then take that second to last night and run it and what you're going to do is you'll see in the instructions on the homework you'll see what I said name the file this.
Faculty Office Hours: So that part where it says, I think it's like minus F and it has like this, this fall you're going to name that file what I said in the homework and it's going to output it in whatever folder you're in.
Faculty Office Hours: Whatever folder you're in and then that's what you're blessed one of the things you're going to turn is that yam will file does that make sense.
Monica A. Harwig: And yeah kind of.
Monica A. Harwig: But let me i'll do a screen share.
Faculty Office Hours: Absolutely.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah me and Karen I haven't forgot about you i'm just have to wait for my my vm to open up my other vm so I can go pull the command I need to.
Faculty Office Hours: see if I can get the.
Faculty Office Hours: interactive thing working for.
Karen Fireman: You.
Karen Fireman: And after you have Monica something weird came up when I did the shift enter but go ahead, sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I know exactly probably what happened.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah So there you go Monica.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay, so this is, you know entering or install and I just want to show you I mean you know it all in all, no problem in fact I installed it I probably shouldn't have installed it again why didn't install it, I guess, I updated according to.
Faculty Office Hours: Probably possibly use.
Her.
Faculty Office Hours: As many conduct you know that's how long it took many content install on my machine.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah and it kind of like 16 megs.
Faculty Office Hours: US it's super small anacondas got you know Python it's got the kind of Armor that has all these other software and all this other thing and installs and it's just a way for most people and so that's why I do many kinda.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so but that's okay that they're on their career site sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah dog.
Monica A. Harwig: To forever so anyway so but I did finally got it installed and then i'm like Okay, then i'll be you know I did the first line second line and it separately and I had, I just want to So these are my you know that what was on my computer so and then.
Monica A. Harwig: And I, and I looked at it on I think it's the package I looked at it and I had everything like charisse and all that or tensorflow was installed and curious since I get learned and all that and.
Monica A. Harwig: That was good, but then, like, I want to show you what I did on the last two lines and that's where I was like whoa I didn't know, I was like well I took like I.
Monica A. Harwig: installed all except the last two lines and I went on, and did something else in like an hour later i'm like all right, maybe I should install this last or you know use these last two lines and, as you can see that's what.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's okay so what's happening there is so what that is is because.
Faculty Office Hours: So what's happening there is you can't write to windows system 32 because that's a protected folder and while you are an administrator so.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh, you know what go look at your text file think your maybe.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh no, you know what it is, you see, all you have those little little little greater than less, not you can't put those in there, so that that's a programming like.
Faculty Office Hours: that's just a syntax thing like nerds like me us and programming when you see that less than greater than thing that's a nerd programmer like me saying you replace this with something so if you go and open up your your so so you would just remove that so like if just hit the up arrow.
Faculty Office Hours: hit the up arrow.
Faculty Office Hours: Just hit the up arrow once and just if you hit it again two more times when I get to that horror horror that one there i'll go back get down hit the down arrow once.
Faculty Office Hours: So then, if you hit the Left arrow 1231 more go yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: right there stop hit the right arrow once.
Faculty Office Hours: hit backspace.
Faculty Office Hours: and get rid of that now go over to the right arrow over to the move your cursor to underneath a little period right before why.
Faculty Office Hours: right there and then hit the backspace again now hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: So that's that's my bad because that's me being a nerd in that.
Monica A. Harwig: Now.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, if you hit Dr.
Monica A. Harwig: Dr okay yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: And I hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: And so you're going to see that I will it put it in this window system 32 folder that's because.
Faculty Office Hours: But if you hit Dir so what what we probably should do is this, we should probably do is.
Faculty Office Hours: Is.
Faculty Office Hours: Just hit CD.
Faculty Office Hours: Do CD we're going to get out of space.
Faculty Office Hours: And then backslash.
Faculty Office Hours: it's gonna be right above the return you never.
Monica A. Harwig: You see, black backslash.
Faculty Office Hours: And then hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: enter yeah now you're in seeing i'll go CD to users.
Faculty Office Hours: CD space space users.
Faculty Office Hours: And hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: And hit Dr.
Faculty Office Hours: And even see your name you're probably you're logging hit hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, your Harwich slashing them, so if you do CD space H, and then hit the tab key.
Faculty Office Hours: agent hit the tab key.
Faculty Office Hours: it's going to auto complete because it's only ah there hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, if you do Dir.
Faculty Office Hours: So this is then you can hit enter i'm sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: I mean if you go to if you do CD space documents, so, if you like, CD space documents.
Faculty Office Hours: hitter.
Faculty Office Hours: And then now hit the up arrow key a few times that you get that condo command again.
Monica A. Harwig: hit the okay.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah keep hidden arrow key until you get your do a few times, can we get a few split this up areas and dos, this is the.
Faculty Office Hours: This is the it just it's not go go hit down arrow one more time doing it down arrow.
Faculty Office Hours: hit down arrow there you go right there that's the only one that doesn't have those less than or greater things in there right.
So hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: And so now, if you go to windows explorer and go to see users hardware game documents actually we just go to documents that file should be sitting in documents right.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, this is so, this is when you're doing your homework you, you can just take the condo commands I gave you create a new environment give it a new name install a couple of package.
Faculty Office Hours: Then you'll run this Conde end export and you'll just make sure you give it the name that I specified in the homework and then and that's all you need to know, is it see that see users are we give documents wherever you wherever that prompt says you're at your have to.
Faculty Office Hours: go there to get to that file right does that make sense, so if you go to windows explorer you can now see what that file is.
Monica A. Harwig: So it should be under users hallway GAM documents under this yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: And if you just go to documents, if you just click documents that's what see users documents is so if you click that.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: So when you scroll down.
Faculty Office Hours: You should see it down there at the bottom zip all the folders first in the files will be at the bottom so see right there that bond 689 spring 21 he go up just a little about like 10 up one more one more up like right click the right click.
Faculty Office Hours: And then say edit notepad plus plus.
Faculty Office Hours: There you go so that's so that's just a game with policies, so you the name of your.
Faculty Office Hours: environment, it shows you all the dependencies so it's all the packages that are installed so that's what this does so that kinda em the export command says hey take this con environment I set up.
Faculty Office Hours: This is an export it to this email file and which is just a text file and save all my settings all my packages and versions and everything.
Faculty Office Hours: so that I can then go and if you go to that text file that command at the bottom what that is is that's the one where like if you had a file, you can run it give it this GMO file name and it will.
Faculty Office Hours: It will create you a new environment, with all the same settings and so this is so, how you can clone environment, with all the settings so the way we use this for is.
Faculty Office Hours: For a couple things one I created my environment, I put them on packages and I go want to show this the rest of my team.
Faculty Office Hours: So they're all code on the same version of Python with all the same version of back end so I export the mo file.
Faculty Office Hours: I send them the ml file and then I can use that last command that's in that text file, I can run that.
Faculty Office Hours: give it the name of this GMO file and it will create the environment with the same name all the packages, or if I use that minus an option, I can give them the environment, a new name.
Faculty Office Hours: So we do it to spread that environment out across everybody working on the projects, we have the same versions, we also use it to clone environment locally to say hey I got a new project I need all the same packages.
Faculty Office Hours: But I still because this new project, I still want to create I don't mind a new environment for that project that way if I ever comes along, I have an add a new package to that project I have its own environment right and so.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, then the other thing we do we'll use the CMO files is something you know, so we write our code in our local machine.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, when we when we go later on in class we start talking about actually want to deploy this up in the cloud or.
Faculty Office Hours: deploy this into to another environment, we want to make sure we all the same information, we can use these enable files to set our Python up with all that thing makes sense.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah yeah so those two commands or yeah I got it now.
Faculty Office Hours: they're they're not they're not there to set up your environment there, there is a reference to show.
Faculty Office Hours: You like hey I have an environment setup, how can I export the setup of that environment to a text file a gamble file, which we can do, and then how can then I will tell you i'ma fall, how can I go and create a new environment using that game will fall.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay, great yeah those are the major questions I had and so that means it i've got the that one question on the homework I I can do so okay.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I didn't do that when I give you all the github stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: To hopefully.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah I did a good job, I did all that i'm not everything except for that create account well I did the kind of environment, but.
Monica A. Harwig: install the seaboard package and I did that and then your package from on it okay yeah so I did that, then the other question is, and this is was a comment that Karen out in the class, and it was on the video it was during the break, but she.
Monica A. Harwig: I had the same thing happen on my Python below.
Monica A. Harwig: where's my Python right there Python yeah okay so she I had Python three dot seven and yeah I had that but I didn't have the other.
I.
Monica A. Harwig: said boo are those other to.
Faculty Office Hours: That so so go ahead and click where it says Python 373.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go to the left just click right there.
Faculty Office Hours: So click that and so, if you.
Faculty Office Hours: So if you go up to the top there.
Faculty Office Hours: So that little thing that drop down.
Monica A. Harwig: Where.
Faculty Office Hours: Right yes yeah these environments that are dropping down.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah mine.
Faculty Office Hours: Why am I not seen.
Faculty Office Hours: Your other.
Faculty Office Hours: environments.
Faculty Office Hours: like the one you just set up in the prompt.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah yeah.
Monica A. Harwig: I do.
Clay Coleman: This i've had this problem, a couple of times with this code, where you have to go and actually set the path the.
Faculty Office Hours: Yesterday, so if you go down go back to your your prompt where you were you were you created your environment.
Faculty Office Hours: Then just just click there to do conduct space.
Faculty Office Hours: The sega yeah kinda space.
Faculty Office Hours: The envy.
Monica A. Harwig: He.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah he envy space list Li St enter.
Faculty Office Hours: So, since, for some reason it's not showing up here we can just add it so see where he has bought 689 spring 21 and see where it says C colon program data anaconda eating these.
Faculty Office Hours: 689 if you if you take your mouse and highlight that C colon program data anaconda three and b's no no down right there, so your stories highlight that from see all the way to the and where it says one highlight all of that over.
Faculty Office Hours: All the way there and then hit the control C.
Faculty Office Hours: And then go back to visual studio code.
Faculty Office Hours: So see up there, it says, there was a little blinker I think this is current.
Faculty Office Hours: hit control V in there.
Faculty Office Hours: And then hit.
Faculty Office Hours: didn't find it control V again.
Faculty Office Hours: I think there's a space for the C control V.
Monica A. Harwig: it's not doing anything.
Faculty Office Hours: that's weird do find sources find.
Faculty Office Hours: Just click that and then go to see on the left there, it says windows see and then program data might not show up.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah if you go to.
Faculty Office Hours: If you click where it says this PC windows see.
Faculty Office Hours: up there, like this PC I know sorry I Double Click windows see again or window see down the bottom and then just above all the way at the top of the.
Faculty Office Hours: selects Python interpreter at the top, all the way at the top, where it says select the Python interpreter and then right there see that says click inside there, there were says this PC windows see right there just click there it'll it'll just click right yeah and so then click it again.
Faculty Office Hours: And then type Program.
Faculty Office Hours: program data no space in between and hit enter.
Faculty Office Hours: it's like a hidden file, so now it says anaconda three Double Click there, the second one from the cloth or Double Click there and then he envies the folder Ian vs right there yeah Double Click and then Double Click there.
Faculty Office Hours: And then hit select interpreter.
Faculty Office Hours: And it's like Python director i'm sorry I clicked the Python see the second for the bottom part click that.
Faculty Office Hours: And then yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: And so now now if you go down to the bottom left again see where it says Python three 612 click that.
Faculty Office Hours: See now.
Faculty Office Hours: Where did it go.
Faculty Office Hours: hmm.
Faculty Office Hours: I mean it's obviously using that one.
Faculty Office Hours: But I see you says current, so it is current.
Faculty Office Hours: Why is it.
Faculty Office Hours: Not saving it.
Clay Coleman: Maybe try selecting a different one and then selecting it back and see if it shows up in the list.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you can try that but i'm afraid of mine, I should back up with.
Clay Coleman: You if.
Clay Coleman: Probably won't but I was just curious.
yeah.
Clay Coleman: Man, you always add it back so.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah i'm trying to think what's going on here, why she's not able to see that.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I might have to troubleshoot with you see why you're not seeing that but you might want to do, Monica just shows your stuff will work if you go down to the windows explorer again.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: If we're oh wait, we had to find it so go back to Africa we've navigated to go back to.
Faculty Office Hours: visual studio code, I apologize go back to visual studio code.
Faculty Office Hours: So what you want to remember actually command prompt, for we see that see program beta anaconda you might want to copy that path and save it somewhere, so that way, if you until we get your stuff working, you can just.
Faculty Office Hours: navigate to that to the same way, we just did the visual studio code to set your environment up so yeah that might yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so that does that make sense, and then we can figure figure out why you're.
Faculty Office Hours: We can try to figure out why your visual studio code is not.
Faculty Office Hours: Saving it.
Faculty Office Hours: Because i'm not sure i'm not positive why it's not.
Faculty Office Hours: bringing it up, I wonder, I wonder if you're having the same issue, Jim had where you have multiple versions of anaconda are many condo.
Monica A. Harwig: I didn't send me any kind of it, I mean I did I don't know it could be, I have multiple vision versions of anaconda.
Faculty Office Hours: got it.
Faculty Office Hours: I got it we might need it just.
Faculty Office Hours: I don't know, let me, let me look, let me look something up here and figure it out.
Faculty Office Hours: The good news is you won't need it, you won't need them you don't have to worry about this until Tuesday.
Faculty Office Hours: So let me look it up and then and then and see why it's not showing up I haven't had this problem before, but let me see if I can find out what's going on and then shoot you an email.
Faculty Office Hours: And then, and then, if we need to we can just set up a zoom meeting you and I, and and do the same thing we do with Jim tomorrow and troubleshoot it.
Faculty Office Hours: So you know I don't know what what times and things work best for you, but if we don't have to wait until Tuesday, you know if you have some availability.
Faculty Office Hours: You know, during the week or something, and you want to try to troubleshoot and figure out why your visual studio code is not working.
Faculty Office Hours: Just you know just email me, and let me know like some times that work for you, and if it works through my schedule will will will will set up a zoom and just fix it will troubleshoot okay.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay, that sounds good.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah give me a day or so because I want to go and look and see if I why it's not doing what it's supposed to.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay yeah Okay, thank you yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries.
Faculty Office Hours: So yeah we'll get you fixed up but for now everything's working for at least a part of the homework, I have you starting to work on a you still have you still have two more weeks after.
Faculty Office Hours: Next Tuesday to finish your homework remove the the new day back so we got plenty of time to get you fixed up so don't worry.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, like I said just look at your if you look at your calendar this week before.
Faculty Office Hours: Look at your collar over the next week, you know, like when you know Wednesday through you know next Tuesday and just you know other than like Saturday i'll be in a.
Faculty Office Hours: Saturday or Sunday but Sunday Sunday night i'll be free, but Saturday during the day and Sunday, other than what it actually.
Faculty Office Hours: be the church on Sunday and then Saturday i'll be actually it all day conference vic virtual conference I won't be around but, but you know the other times i'll be available.
Faculty Office Hours: If if something works, but just take a look, let me know and we can do a zoom and we can figure out why it's not working.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay okay sounds good.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me see.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries we'll get you fixed up.
Okay.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, Karen let me see if I can get this working.
Karen Fireman: In the meantime, when I tried to do a shift enter all this red code came up condo the term con does not recognize and all this.
Faculty Office Hours: Really shift shifting and that's what I was talking about.
Faculty Office Hours: Your shift enter is going to try to run it and that console and that's not what we want to do and.
Karen Fireman: Not only that, it thinks it's not it thinks it doesn't have.
Faculty Office Hours: Now, if you right click and do running the interactive window it'll work I bet yes yeah so we're gonna fix it so that when you do shift dinner it works that's that's what i'm trying to.
Faculty Office Hours: Get working.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries, let me, let me get the.
Karen Fireman: Sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: um let me get a Python file open real quick.
Karen Fireman: Because things says.
Karen Fireman: This thing says the pond and the Python interpreter is in a condo environment, but the environment has not been activated libraries may fail to load the activate the environment Please see I mean what's all this.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah don't worry about that we're gonna we're gonna make it so you'll see that again.
Faculty Office Hours: that's wrong.
Faculty Office Hours: fix and right now, one second.
Faculty Office Hours: bear with me one, second, let me get this.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's just because it's trying to run it through the console.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me get this going.
Faculty Office Hours: So now, if I come.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh wow.
Faculty Office Hours: settings.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm still here i'm just trying to find something.
Faculty Office Hours: Because it's not giving me my.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh that's what happened.
Faculty Office Hours: I guess, I never I know why.
Faculty Office Hours: I will my other my.
Faculty Office Hours: Number i'll tell you I set up my other machine, so I can walk through anybody who had a.
Faculty Office Hours: issue I hadn't installed the Python extension yet that's that like we were first starting to like I was like hey give me a second i'll come back to you because I was trying to get.
Faculty Office Hours: This environment setup so I can walk you through a few things and.
Faculty Office Hours: And so, but now don't worry about i'm not sure anything just yet, I.
Faculty Office Hours: I just before I don't i'm not these i'm doing on purpose I don't want to.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm trying to see if this works and I don't want you to I don't want to show you it have you doing it in case it doesn't work you don't.
Faculty Office Hours: you're not.
Faculty Office Hours: wasting your time.
Faculty Office Hours: And i'm kind of trying this out on the fly here.
Karen Fireman: Do we see something I don't think I see.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no, no, no, no, no, you won't see anything yet i'm purposely not show my screen just yet.
Faculty Office Hours: Why didn't Microsoft change this.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh hold on sorry.
Faculty Office Hours: You know what I wasn't finished that's what it is, I haven't got to.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so let me i'll share my screen That way, you can see.
Faculty Office Hours: don't see my screen.
Karen Fireman: yeah okay.
Faculty Office Hours: So this is, I hadn't finished installing all this, and this is what I was trying to get finished off.
Faculty Office Hours: I could help you guys.
Faculty Office Hours: I wanted to have a machine that I could do this on.
Faculty Office Hours: come back to this.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, so now, if I come the visual studio.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me.
Faculty Office Hours: select my interpreter.
Faculty Office Hours: Okay, I think it does that the first time.
Karen Fireman: I don't I can't see your screen that will, but that that's okay i'm just watching.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's it's not working right Karen I apologize i'm not.
Faculty Office Hours: it's not show me the outside the option is, I want to see, I might happen to.
Faculty Office Hours: So, so if you let me go back, have you share your screen and i'll just let all and then i'll i'll let me stop sharing mine.
Karen Fireman: Okay, so.
Karen Fireman: What I was talking about was here seal this when I what I was thinking of myself, as I had your file open and I thought i'd like to execute little bits of this at a time.
Karen Fireman: yeah um so I, so I thought about well, what about copying it and putting it over here.
Karen Fireman: It says code here press shift enter, so I can do that.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah you can do that, you can do it that way.
Faculty Office Hours: If you.
Karen Fireman: should be able to do it here.
Faculty Office Hours: That that's what i'm trying to fix right and, for some reason it's not working.
Faculty Office Hours: it's not showing.
Karen Fireman: This it came down here, and this mess showed up when I did do shift enter.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah that's that's because it's trying to run that console.
Faculty Office Hours: And that's not where I want to run it.
Karen Fireman: Is there something I mean what is this wind, it would make this show you.
Faculty Office Hours: So when you do shift enter the default for shifting right now.
Faculty Office Hours: is to run it.
Faculty Office Hours: down to that terminal and so.
Karen Fireman: doesn't like oh it's all the red what's all this.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Karen Fireman: I mean it's.
Karen Fireman: I mean, since it's not there and environments not activated with what's it using it's not activated.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah it's not setting up the power shells not setting up the.
Faculty Office Hours: The year Python so see right there we're trying to do the Emperor Python emc under the sea bought.
Faculty Office Hours: bought.
Karen Fireman: Where are you are you here.
Faculty Office Hours: Dan yeah yeah.
Karen Fireman: yeah yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: don't worry about this you're not you're not you ever really want to run it down there anyway.
Faculty Office Hours: Let me get it fixed, so that when you hit shift enter it runs into your interactive window over.
Faculty Office Hours: Here okay yeah that's what I was mentioning in class.
Karen Fireman: And I remember okay yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: They changed it on me literally in the last like three to four weeks, they they they've changed all this up as far as like the default and I don't know why but and, for some reason Oh, you know what hold on one second.
Faculty Office Hours: hold on I know I was looking for it's over here.
Faculty Office Hours: Oh one second.
Karen Fireman: I finished, you must be.
Faculty Office Hours: No, no you're fine you're fine.
Faculty Office Hours: I know exactly I was looking for it might just be right here, I might be a simple settings fix.
Faculty Office Hours: I was still looking for something hopefully.
Faculty Office Hours: Like a Kleiner right now so i've never had to change it is up until the last month, they did.
Faculty Office Hours: The default was what I liked.
Faculty Office Hours: And so now i'm going to figure out how to turn it back.
And for some reason.
Faculty Office Hours: i'm not seeing it like off the top of my head like look at this a lot seeing the.
Faculty Office Hours: Or the option is.
Faculty Office Hours: So.
Faculty Office Hours: I probably have to get back with so what i'm going to do Karen it initial business plan all is i'm going to figure out what this is, and then the first thing on Tuesday show ready and class how to fix this.
Karen Fireman: You mean Thursday.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah Thursday, excuse me this Thursday.
Karen Fireman: Tuesday I mean three days yeah yeah this Thursday.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah so I.
Faculty Office Hours: I Tuesday i'll actually be in DR jones's class but that's why I said to stick is, I will be there, Tuesday, as well, but yeah i'm going to figure out how to fix it Those are my task list to do so, I can show everybody on Thursday and.
Faculty Office Hours: I can.
Faculty Office Hours: Have it Thank you well, I haven't found it yet so if I find it early and it's something simple that I can kind of screenshot you know I might just send an announcement out.
Faculty Office Hours: and say hey if you want to.
Faculty Office Hours: get this working writing a follow this.
Karen Fireman: Thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah no worries.
Faculty Office Hours: So sorry that they changed it on me I don't usually have this problem.
Faculty Office Hours: i've literally have been teaching people how to do this for like two years now.
Faculty Office Hours: And i've never i've been told this past Thursday never had this issue because it always ran the other way.
Faculty Office Hours: So I will fix it i'll figure it out what's going on and we'll get it fixed.
Karen Fireman: Thank you very much.
Faculty Office Hours: All right, sorry about that.
Faculty Office Hours: I thought I was, I was hoping to try to find it and get it fixed before then get it fixed while we're on the phone but.
Faculty Office Hours: I couldn't I can't seem to find the.
Faculty Office Hours: The file I can't seem to get this thing to show me the right.
Faculty Office Hours: code setting.
Faculty Office Hours: And for some reason, so we'll figure it out.
Faculty Office Hours: Anything else.
Karen Fireman: No, thank you.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah we'll get it fixed and then you'll be able to when you hit shift in or it'll run in that interactive window.
Clay Coleman: So the.
Clay Coleman: Real quick The other thing I found I posted the documentation there's a way to specifically.
Clay Coleman: manually specify the interpreter through the settings done json file.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah exactly.
Faculty Office Hours: And so reason.
Clay Coleman: So the prop, the problem is, is when you create the actual environment it doesn't create it in the same folder that it looks for for environments.
Clay Coleman: yeah so you have to CD to the actual.
Clay Coleman: One of the what is it, it has to be user local been, it has to be user been s been like their specific past in it only looks for for environments.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah I think I think I know where it's at.
Clay Coleman: that's interesting.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah.
Faculty Office Hours: I can, I can get it fixed it's not too difficult to get it, and if I can't figure it out, I can I have about one of about 100 people I can email tomorrow.
Faculty Office Hours: lunchtime, if I haven't got it figured out by the end to say where the heck do I change this and they'll all go oh you go here here here and you're done.
Faculty Office Hours: So I will get it fixed.
Faculty Office Hours: Anything else.
Clay Coleman: I got nothing I was just listening.
yeah.
Clay Coleman: There was one other thing I know you mentioned, you did you you've never your you haven't used pie charmer you have used pie chart but you didn't like out setup environments.
Clay Coleman: What specifically does it do that's different in setting up environments i'm just curious.
Faculty Office Hours: it's not so much hot sets up the environments I just don't like how it interacts with anaconda to get the anaconda environments in there it's not difficult it's just.
Faculty Office Hours: i've had a lot of problems, you know with it.
Faculty Office Hours: In the past, and getting it to like say hey use this environment to run all my stuff.
Faculty Office Hours: I just had a lot better luck with visual studio code.
Clay Coleman: Fair enough, fair enough yeah no I use I use part time at work, and so I decided to start using it here I just curious if there's anything that I was getting in.
Clay Coleman: trouble with or up I trump's like said, most people.
Faculty Office Hours: Most people that I know still use by term, all the more and more people are switching over to visual studio code.
Clay Coleman: yeah.
Clay Coleman: I use visual studio code for a while and then I don't know I think one of the problems was I kept running into that thing, where you can't.
Clay Coleman: Like where the environment doesn't show up all the time and I I didn't bother to like find out why, and then I just kind of moved on to something else.
So yeah.
Clay Coleman: cool well, we appreciate it, thank you for all your help.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah no worries.
Clay Coleman: So I don't want to keep you any longer.
Karen Fireman: Thank you very much, I really appreciate your help Jamie.
Faculty Office Hours: yeah yeah sorry I wish I could get that working for a Karen I was hoping to find that little thing but.
Faculty Office Hours: i'll have it by Thursday for everybody, and it will all well i'll get her up to speed I get everybody fixed, so that when they hit shift enter it runs it in the interactive window and then we'll anybody else having issues will get fixed.
Karen Fireman: Okay, thanks.
Faculty Office Hours: No worries Thank you you're welcome.
Clay Coleman: No i'm good I.
Like her.